(©) NATION, SPOTLIGHT ON

HSH

INTERVIEW WITH JEPH LOEB AND JIM LEE

For more than two decades, “Hush” by writer Jeph Loeb and artist Jim Lee has stood as one of the most popular and influential Batman stories
of the 21st century. Now the comics superstars have reunited for a six-part sequel starting in Batman #158 and titled “H2SH,” with Hush, the titular villain
introduced back in 2002, out for revenge against the Dark Knight.

Why was now the right time for “H2SH”?

Jim Lee: We've talked about coming back and
doing a follow-up to “Hush” for a while. For
a variety of reasons, the timing was never right.
Because we're doing the All In initiative, where
we launched the Absolute line but still wanted
crazy things to happen in the core line, it made
this return to Hush the right opportunity.

The challenge we had was, how do we recapture
that excitement, yet do something new? Jeph, to
his credit, crafted a story that feels very much
like the opposite side of the coin to what he did
20 years ago. It establishes a new status quo for
Batman, new villains, new looks, new locations.

Jeph Loeb: For 20 years, everywhere I’ve gone,
people have asked me whether or not we're
going to do it again. My answer was always very
honest: When Jim’s ready to go, I'll be ready to
go. | was in a little tiny airport in Italy, outside
of Lucca; my phone rings, and Jim says, “I think
it’s time for us to revisit these characters and to
really come up with something that can not only
build on what we did 20 years ago, but take it to
the next level.” That was the challenge. Certainly
artistically, | have no doubt in my mind that
Jim, Scott [Williams], and Alex [Sinclair] outdid
themselves.

How has Hush himself evolved between
these two stories?

Loeb: So much of what we did in the first story
was to play with, “Who is Hush? What does he
want? What’s going on?” We've now established
all that, so in many ways, this is a revenge story.
He’s learned so much, and one of the great
things about the character is that he’s a master
manipulator. He likes the game of it. It’s like
moving pieces on a chessboard. You don’t want
to always play the same game. You want to take
it in a new direction.

Jim, in what ways has your visual approach
to these characters changed since the
original “Hush”?

Lee: All the characters resemble the iconic
versions of themselves, but we changed surface
elements—melding the work that was done 20
years ago with the work we're doing today.

We're trying to do new kinds of shots, new
angles, new color schemes. We're challenging
ourselves across the board, because we know
there are high expectations. It’s also a great
way to motivate ourselves, to do hopefully our
best creative work.

DON'T MISS BATMAN #158, THE FIRST CHAPTER OF “H2SH,” ON SALE IN MARCH!

DC COMICS MARIE JAVINS VP - Editor-in-Chief JIM LEE President, Publisher & Chief Creative Officer ANNE DePIES Senior VP & General Manager LARRY BERRY VP - Brand
Design & Creative Services BRIAR DARDEN VP - Business Affairs LAWRENCE GANEM VP - Editorial Programming & Talent Strategy JAY KOGAN Senior VP - Legal NICK J.
NAPOLITANO VP - Manufacturing, Operations & Collected Editions NANCY SPEARS VP - Sales & Marketing CARRIE WILLIAMS Executive Director - Publicity & Communications

ABSOLUTE BATMAN 6. May, 2025. Published monthly by DC Comics, 4000 Wamer Blvd., Bldg. 700, 2nd Floor, Burbank, CA 91522. GST # is R125921072. Copyright © 2025 DC Comics. All Rights Reserved. All characters featured in this issue, the distinctive
likenesses thereof, and related elements are trademarks of DC Comics. The stories, characters, and incidents mentioned in this magazine are entirely fictional. DC Comics does not read or accept unsolicited submissions of ideas, stories, or artwork. For Advertising and
Custom Publishing contact dccomicsadvertising@dc.com. For details on DC Comics Ratings, visit de.com/ratings.
